Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
At this time!
Can you believe it!
At last! Finally!
I have…
a figure!
Figure!!
FIGURE!!!
I’ve challenged it!!
Ah
Ah...
Ah--
I’m seriously dizzy
Ahh, all bad
No matter where I look
it's white-
It's my easel-chan
Fine with me-heeh!
I’m not cut out to be a -figure- skater
It’s all bad...
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Yup
I'm sorry!
Well-
I recently saw some figure skating-
so I just
couldn't help myself!
I got influenced!
Completely
different 'figure'!
Today I wanted to introduce this figure-
Here!
It's my
Kizuna AI's
1/7 scale figure!
YAY
Can you believe this figure-
is made by Tokyo Otaku Mode
[ Kizuna AI 1/7 scale figure!
Planning: Tokyo Otaku Mode ]
sub-production, 'Stronger-san',
[ Kizuna AI 1/7 scale figure!
Planning: Tokyo Otaku Mode. Sub-prod, 'Stronger-san' ]
assisted as well
[ Kizuna AI 1/7 scale figure!
Planning: Tokyo Otaku Mode. Sub-prod, 'Stronger-san' ]
Finally today!
Pre-orders have started!
From Wonder Festival there have been
a lot of images from the spectators being spread around.
This time I was able to get the first perfect
image of the completed version!
Man-
I'm...
so cute!
But-
No matter where you look from
I am cute!
Here
in moderation-
in reality it's an E-cup!
was it an E-Cup...?
E-cup and
the legs- this-
shape!
flexibility!
And this-
hair!
It's really like
moving around, looks like it
Like this
Is it moving?
This sort of feeling
it feels like it
This gradient in the hair
Is it good!
Here! I recommend this point!
Everyone
my
this, this-
please look at my legs
Well.. they are pretty right?
But
It doesn't feel real
Well...
I am virtual after all...
that's obvious but-
but this figure!
Lookie!
This
my 3d model can't express-
from the knee upwards
squishy like-
The thighs!
Are insanely!
Cute!
CUTE!
Also here
Where there's not much hair hiding it
you can't see it but
the hipline
is good!
Seriously
I am
cute!
Well...
The real me
is the cutest right~
Also?
I am cuter when I am not talking-
I know that
However!
Talking is
what I am all about!
Right?
How was that?
My scale figure
Who wants one!?
Yes!
You want it right?
Of course right?
Well for you
[ Those interested, check the description for info! ]
Please check the description
Tokyo Otaku Mode-san and
[ Those interested, check the description for info! ]
Tokyo Figure-san's website
I've also put in the description
[ Those interested, check the description for info! ]
Please pre-order there!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Display me in your home~
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by andychin77
Timed by Loserbait